---
date: 2023-07-13 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Who Am I?
subtitle: 
description: 
image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/borahabhigyan/blog/main/images/q.png
optimized_image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/borahabhigyan/blog/main/images/q.png
category: blog
tags:
  - read
author: abhigyan
paginate: true
---
***Who am I?***

Recently, during a viva, one of my batchmate was asked this particular question. After hearing the question I too wanted to prepare an answer for this question and I began to think about it.

Quoting V for Vendetta, I can say, "Who? Who is but the form following the function of what and what I am is a man in a mask". But, I'm not wearing a physical mask on my face. So, to reveal my face I had to dive deep into my thought system. I decided to write what I was thinking and here is what I was thinking as I was typing:

If you ask me who am I, I would say, "I'm [My Name].". But I know many people with my name. I know one with the same title as mine. So, am I only a person with my name? Or, am I the only person in the world who can say just my name as the answer to this question?
-No, right? So, back to the question, "Who am I?".

My brother and I went through the same academic choices including the institutes, and the subjects studied. The consequence of which was that I was known to everyone as his brother [X's brother]. Is that who I am? 
*-Yes, but also no.*
Who am I without any reference to other person or thing? I know that the answer is subjective and depends on the situation. Like, I am an Indian to a British, an Assamese to a person from Delhi etc. But that does not put a stop to this question. I'm a primate, a human, part of the homo sapiens, an earthling, and what not! I could be vibrating strings, I could be a projection, an illusion, a simulation, consciousness, dumbness, or perhaps a graveyard of jokes. Or am I eveything? 

*(At this point I'm no longer interested to find the answer but I'm too excited to find out more questions.)*

Am I a human? Am I human? Who am I if I'm not anyone's anything? How do I exist as myself apart from all this? What do I mean by "myself"? Is this my personality? Am I just atoms and molecules? 
*-Yes.*
Am I visible? Am I a smartphone addict?
*-Yes.*

Am I going to write more about this?
-**No.**

Would I publish this?
-**You know the answer.**

***So, who am I?***
(Let me know, in case you know me by now.)
